# Week of 2/26/2024 - 3/1/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/2/26/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/2/26/17:00

## Location/Medium

Robert Bell In Person

## Present

William, Jeffrey, Grant, Pandora, Dennis (via slack huddle)

## Minute Recorder

William

## things clarified

- pages folder should contain just the vue/page design files
- Some of the "show--" functions might need to be moved back to the specs.vue file to meet single responsibility princible, but that can happen after we make it properly function with a .ts file.
- Much of the work for allowing a user to have multiple budgets will be changing the structure of how the program pulls the budget information from the database.
- Right now, the only time the code for creating a budget is ran is upon a user's accoutn creation.
- the name of a budget should not be unique, because multiple users might want to use the same name for a budget
- the database does not store any information about transactions within a User
 
## topics discussed

- Splitting specs.vue into a .vue file and .ts file for more modularity
- Altering the code to allow for a user to create multilpe budgets.
- How do we want the user to access each of the multiple budgets? let them name each budget? Automatically apply an id upon budget creation?
- Switching to the New UI framework might not be a good use of time, theres just too much else that needs attention. 
- We should merge the budget and transction view & edit into two simple "budget" and "trasnaction" pages

## tasks distributed

- Jeffrey and Grant: working on implementing multiple budgets for a single user
