# Client Meeting on 04/15/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/4/15/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/4/15/16:45

## Location/Medium

Online/ZOOM/Robert Bell

## Present

Dennis, Pandora, Grant, William, Jeffrey, Nicolas (client)

## Minute Recorder

Pandora

## Topics Discussed
* FINALLY AWS RELEASED
- - Client was able to use a web Build
* There is a defect where unneeded errors are displayed
* There is a defect with printing transactions and budgets
* Remaining defects
* Design of the product

## Things Clarified
* Default budget is the default budget that is created upon launching the website
* Transactions need to be created in their budget
* Calendar and specs are all transactions
* We are deployed
* Search looks for store and store, but can do dates
* Errors stack with budgets
* Printing seems to be a browser specific feedback.

## Client Feedback
* "This is great" - after reviewing multiple budgets.
* "You guys made a quiet a bit of progress"
* "Useable, functionally works. It works to be functionally able to track income and expenses over time. Its great that a user can logically compartmentalize into budgets. Being able to view expenses over time can be useful for trending spending habits, and the information page offers good insights and good practices to manage finances prudently."
* Would like to see the Error warning fixed.
* Would like to see printing be fixed.
* It should be more certain if you are editing or if you are creating a new budget.
* Documentation seems throughtfully put together.

## Client Use of Project
* Signed in with google
* Added Transactions
* Added in Recurring transactions
* Added income
* Saw sorted by date
* Saw Budget was based on time frame
* Transactions automatically get added to relevant budget
* Edits budget successfully
* Went to print a budget
* Analyzed specs with total and monthly. Time was spent studying the date displayed on this page
* Information page was glanced at
* Creates a new budget and changed between budget
* Spent sometime to understand the calendar and specs page showed all transactions
* Edited a transaction successfully
* Saw things change with editing of transactions
* Discovered filtered amounts, pleasantly amused